Hey there, Fashion Challenge folks! Today
we're going to tackle the ancient and
mystifying art of tie-tying. Don't worry,
I promise you won't end up looking like a
tangled spaghetti monster.
I call it the Necktie Ninja.
Hold your tie on one hand like a pro
ninja warrior and drape it around your
neck. Make sure one end is a bit longer
than the other, unless you want to start
a new fashion trend: the uneven tie.
Now here comes the loop de loop. Take the
longer end and loop it over the shorter
one. It's like giving your tie a friendly
hug. Don't worry if it feels like a
tangled mess. We're just getting started.
We're going under the bridge, folks. Take
that longer end and wrap it around the
loop you just made. Think of it as a
scene detour under a tiny, tiny bridge.
And if you see a troll, just pay the toll
in fashion sense.
Now let's venture through that cave.
Gently slide the long end through the
loop around your neck. This is the part
where it magically starts to look like a
tie, and not like you're trying to lasso
a wild unicorn.
Lastly, for the final showdown, tighten that knot
by pulling the long end. Adjust it to
your liking. Not too tight, not too
loose. Remember, comfort is key
and you don't want to look like you're
choking on style.